_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am pursuing a Master of Science degree in Computer Science at Arizona State University and expecting to graduate in May 2024. I have demonstrated experience in developing solutions to diverse real world problems with the power of computer science. My interests lie in full-stack software development, data science, machine learning and cloud computing.

Technical Skills : <i>Java, Javascript, C, C++, Python, Kotlin, Golang, PHP, R, HTML, CSS, MySQL, Neo4j Graph DB, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP), React, Node.js, D3.js, Tensorflow, Keras, pandas, NumPy, Scikit-learn, Git, Subversion</i>

As a Software Engineer at eQ Technologic (India) Pvt. Ltd., I extended the range of applications on which the eQube Data as a Service platform can be leveraged by adding 3 new applications - Neo4j GraphDB, Deltek Costpoint ERP and Polarion ALM Software - which helped the company sign 4 new deals.

During an undergraduate internship at Ryussi Technologies Pvt. Ltd., I enhanced the company's flagship product by making it compatible with multiple cloud services for storage purposes like Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Platform. Thereby opening new frontiers for the company to market their product among small and mid-sized businesses who cannot afford on-premise storage infrastructure.

In Summer 2023 I interned at DISH Network and worked on reducing the time required to resolve errors related to incorrect metadata of movies and shows being displayed on steaming services like Sling TV and Satellite TV. My solution was able to bring down the turnaround time by up to 50%.

Apart from these industrial experiences I have worked on several exciting project in the academia and their details can be found in the "Academic Projects" tab.

Currently, I am actively searching for full time Software Development opportunities starting Summer 2024. Please reach out to me on assonaw1@asu.edu if you have any leads or any feedback about this website. Thank you so much for visiting my website!

Commit message:

Updated the About Me section with the experience after graduating from ASU

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "About me"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

Abhishek is a dedicated Software Developer having a proven record of delivering high quality solutions across 3 different industries. He has over 2 years of professional experience in back-end, full stack and data management software development.

He graduated with a Masters degree in Computer Science from Arizona State University in May 2024 and joined the Sling TV team as a Software Engineer. He is working on developing back-end software solutions for enhancing the metadata experience of the content that gets streamed to over 2M+ users of Sling TV.

During his time in academia he has developed solutions to different real world problems like assisting vision impaired people in understanding the world around them, developing a GPT powered Teaching Assistant to offer 24 by 7 office hours to college students and recording the supply chain of goods in a blockchain to help shoppers in a supermarket verify the authenticity of products they are purchasing.

While working in industry, his contributions have helped organizations eQ Technologic and Ryussi Technologies enhance their data management products. This expanded their clientele and he was also directly involved in projects that helped these organizations in securing new customers.

These experiences have given him an exposure to diverse technology stacks which has made him versatile and he can quickly learn new skills required for solving new problems.

His technical skills include but are not limited to Java, C++, Go, Python, Amazon Web Services, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, SQL, NoSQL, Neo4j GraphDB, Google Cloud, React and Node.js

Apart from software development he likes to spend time in teaching people stress management skills. He is a certified breathwork and meditation facilitator and has led the organizational efforts for offering 10+ stress management workshops on ASU campus that have taught 100+ ASU students and staff a happy and healthy way to live life.
