---
title: "Grocery Store Management System"
collection: academic-projects

[//]: # (type: "Talk")
[//]: # (permalink: /talks/2012-03-01-talk-1)
[//]: # (venue: "UC San Francisco, Department of Testing")
startDate: Sep 2018
endDate: Nov 2018
location: "Pune Institute of Computer Technology"
techUsed: "Java, Swing, MySQL, Sockets, Multi-threading"
instructor: "Prof. Pujashree Vidap"
---

<ul>
    <li>Desktop applications for the daily activities at a grocery store.</li>
    <li>Developed two separate applications one for the clients who shop at the grocery store and the other for vendor.</li>
    <li>The vendor's application acts as a server and multiple clients can be logged in through different computers at the same time. </li>
    <li>Multi-threaded server was developed to handle requests from multiple clients at the same time.</li>
    <li>Username and password were used for authenticating customers and the vendor. Different applications would be opened depending on whether a client or a vendor has logged in.</li>
    <li>Sign-up page was implemented for creating the profile of new users.</li>
    <li>The profile of a user consists of identification information like name and address, a profile picture, and the signature which could be drawn by dragging the cursor in a rectangular region on sign-up page.</li>
    <li>Profile information including the photo and signature of each user gets saved in a MySQL database running on server.</li>
    <li>All items available for the customers were distributed into different categories like vegetables, fruits, cosmetics, etc. and a separate page was displayed whenever the user clicked on a category.</li>
    <li>A cart was provided to keep track of the products selected by the customer.</li>
    <li>When users check out, they get charged for items in their cart and an invoice is generated.</li>
    <li>The vendor's application keeps track of the number of items available in the inventory. The quantities of each item are updated as and when they are purchased by customers.</li>
    <li>New items can be ordered by the vendor through the application and inventory information will be updated accordingly.</li>
    <li>History of all transactions is saved on the server side.</li>
</ul>
