---
title: "Software Engineer"
collection: professional-experience

[//]: # (type: "Talk")

[//]: # (permalink: /talks/2014-02-01-talk-2)

[//]: # (venue: "London School of Testing")

startDate: Dec 2020
endDate: Jun 2022
location: "Pune, IN"
companyName: "eQ Technologic (India) Pvt. Ltd."
---

<ul>
    <li>Worked in a team that was responsible for developing and maintaining connectors which handle interactions between eQube Data-as-a-Service (DaaS) platform and third-party softwares like Microsoft Excel, Oracle Database and SAP ERP.</li>
    <li>Built and released a brand-new connector for Neo4j Graph Database. The development of this connector required bridging the gaps between a schemaless NoSQL database (Neo4j) and the strict-schema followed by eQube DaaS's environment.</li>
    <li>Developed and released another brand-new connector for Deltek Costpoint ERP software.</li>
    <li>The low code-no code nature of Costpoint meant that no API was available for interacting with it. Web-services had to be developed and deployed on Costpoint for supporting the tasks needed by a connector.</li>
    <li>Modified the connector for Polarion Application Lifecycle Management software as per the requirements of a potential client which helped the company in securing new client.</li>
    <li>Performed maintenance tasks like bug fixes, version upgrades, and customizations to suit the requirements of different clients on 60+ connectors offered by eQube DaaS platform.</li>
    <li>Tech Stack : <i>Java, MySQL, Neo4j GraphDB, Polarion ALM, Deltek Costpoint ERP, Apache Maven, Subversion, Jenkins</i></li>
</ul>